14 December 1912,括은 based on the die-É Yuan, the Sambo Repeatai by General Shinngun Shikijin.
On the 24th of December, we
On the 25th, we will set up a base with about 1,000 people on the south side of the same land.
We will occupy the factory.
In this battle, the damage of our type was only the death of the enemy,
but we captured 4 enemy tanks, 50 mobile vehicles, and 11 other guns,
and we captured the second enemy.
Also, we are in the center of the Eryo-Borneo, the Brunei Kingdom.
The Brunei Kingdom has been expecting a new army from the Kanae,
but on the 31st, our army received a welcome from the citizens below the kingdom,
and we entered the Brunei Kingdom.
On the 1st of January, we occupied the Labuan Island peacefully.
Furthermore, on the 3rd of January, the Weston of the North Borneo,
about 70 people from the north and the north of Brunei,
and we occupied the Weston.
We have about 209 people here.
Also, we are working hard to prevent the spread of the war.
The words that provide the strength of the 72,000 water tanks to the North,
and the operation to prevent the spread of the war with the submarine and aircraft,
are completely against the US military's will.
According to the strict agreement with the Navy,
on the 1st of January, we will enter the Sarakan, the South-East of the Borneo,
and we will conquer the enemy in the South.